Feature/drupal integration docs (#102)
mediamonks/muban: docs/14-connectors.md

and the contents of file will look like this: 
```
<?php

namespace Drupal\c01_hero\Plugin\ThemeEntityProcessor\Paragraph;

use Drupal\handlebars_theme_handler\Plugin\ThemeEntityProcessorBase;

/**
 * Returns the structured data of an entity.
 *
 * @ThemeEntityProcessor(
 *   id = "c01_hero",
 *   label = @Translation("C01 Hero"),
 *   entity_type = "paragraph",
 *   bundle = "c01_hero",
 *   view_mode = "default"
 * )
 */
class ParagraphC17ContactInfoLinkItem extends ThemeEntityProcessorBase {

  /**
   * {@inheritdoc}
   */
  public function preprocessItemData(&$variables) {
    $image = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_image']);
    $title = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_title']);
    $body = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_body']);
    $variables['data'] = [
      'title' => $title,
      'body' => $body,
      'image' => [
        'src' => $image['image']['src'], 
        'alt' => $image['image']['alt']
        ]
    ];
  }
}

```

Now let's take a look at the annotation of the class, as you can see it contains:

> + id - this is an id of the preprocessor, usually we keep it as [machineName]_[viewMode], it should be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `id` - this is an id of the preprocessor, usually we keep it as `{machineName}_{viewMode}`, it should be unique.
```

> + label - human readable label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `label` - human readable label
```

> + entity_type - in our case is paragraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `entity_type` - in our case it's `paragraph`
```

> + bundle - is machine name of the entity, in our case c01_hero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `bundle` - is machine name of the entity, in our case `c01_hero`
```

> + view_mode - the view mode for which we create preprocessor, in our case is default. In future you can create more view modes for entities and create a separate preprocessor per view mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `view_mode` - the view mode for which we create a preprocessor, in our case is `default`. In the future you can create more view modes for entities and create a separate preprocessor per view mode.
```

> The annotation is automatically decoded by ThemeEntityProcessor and used further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The annotation is automatically decoded by `ThemeEntityProcessor` and used further.
```

> Also you can note that the main class is matching the file name and it extends the ThemeEntityProcessorBase, this is a requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also you can note that the main class is matching the file name and it extends the `ThemeEntityProcessorBase`, this is a requirement.
```

> Is not excluded that you can create an intermediate class MyModuleIntermediateBase extends ThemeEntitiyProcessorBase in case you prefer to change something in the middle, here you use the power of OOP and Dependency Injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need more flexibility, you can create an intermediate class `MyModuleIntermediateBase extends ThemeEntitiyProcessorBase` so you can change something in the middle. Use the power of OOP and Dependency Injection to your advantage.
```

> The final point is that your class should implement <b>preprocessItemData</b> function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final point is that your class should implement thee `preprocessItemData` function.
```

> <br> Now let's take a closer look how to retrieve the filed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Now let's take a closer look at how to retrieve the filed data.
```

> + By annotation preprocessor knows what type of paragraph it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Because of the annotation, the preprocessor knows what type of paragraph it is.
```

> + ThemeEntityProcessorBase provides some key methods that allows to retrieve the field data in a generic way, so you don't have to parse all nested arrays and objects for image fields, text fields etc. It does all for you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `ThemeEntityProcessorBase` provides some key methods that allows the retrieval of the field data in a generic way, so you don't have to parse all nested arrays and objects for image fields, text fields, etc. It does all for you!
```

+ You simply call:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_title'])
```

> Where field_title, is substituted with a machine name of the field you want to retrieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `field_title` is substituted with a machine name of the field you want to retrieve.
```

The output will vary based on the field widget, let's check some examples:

+ Textfield

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$text = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_title'])

echo $text; // Output: 'Some text'

```

+ Imagefield

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$image = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_image'])

var_dump($image); // 
Output array: 
[ 
 ['image'] =>
     'src' => '/files/image.jpg'
     'alt' => 'some alt text'
]
```
+ Link field

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$link = $this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_link'])

var_dump($image); // 
Output array: 
[
 'url' => 'http://google.com'
 'label' => 'Click Here'
]
```

> The last step we need to build a render array, meaning that inside of $variables['data'] you need to mimic same structure as in data.yml,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the last step, we need to build a render array, meaning that inside of `$variables['data']` you need to mimic same structure as in data.yml,
```

> with exact same namings of array keys / aka variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the exact same naming of array keys _(a.k.a. variables)_.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

 $variables['data'] = [
      'title' => $image,
      'body' => $body,
      'image' => [
        'src' => $image['image']['src'], 
        'alt' => $image['image']['alt']
        ]
    ];
```

> This is the last step for creating preprocessor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was the last step for creating a preprocessor.
```

Bonus content: 

> Below we will show some extra tweaks that might be useful while working with <b>getFieldData</b> method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below we will show some extra tweaks that might be useful while working with the `getFieldData` method.
```

+ Retrieving multivalue field contents.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_reviews'], ['multiple' => TRUE])
```

> As you can notice the second argument for getFieldData are options, in upper case we use multiple => true to tell that this is a multivalue field,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you might notice, the second argument for `getFieldData` are options. In uppercase we use `multiple => true` to tell that this is a multi-value field,
```

the result output does not change, the only thing is that it will return a key based array.

+ Returning image with image styles.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_image'], [
   'style' => [
      'mobile' => 'image_banner_small',
      'desktop' => 'image_banner',
    ],
  ]),
```

In order to retrieve an image in some predefined styles, a style key can be passed with machine names of image styles for conversion.

> After you are done with preprocessor it is recommended to drop the drupal cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you are done with the preprocessor, it is recommended to drop the drupal cache:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

drush cr
```

> You can create a demo page with the paragraph component on it and see the result in browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a demo page with the paragraph component on it and see the result in the browser.
```

> The result would state an error of a missing twig file that is described in the next step (Step 3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result would state an error of a missing twig file, which is described in the next step (Step 3).
```

> #### Step 3 - Syncing Muban component to Drupal theme folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 3 - Syncing Muban component to Drupal theme folder
```

Now is the right time to sync the component from muban frontend folder to drupal theme folder.
Let's assume that you have your custom theme ready under:

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme
```

> Right there would be nice to create following nested directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right there would be nice to create the following nested directories:
```

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme/components/[component-name]
```

> In our case it gonna look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case it will be looking like this:
```

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme/components/c01-hero
```
** In Muban source/frontend/src/app/component/block you need to copy your c01-hero (data.yml, c01-hero.hbs) files into your newly Drupal created component folder.

> <br><br>Finally your drupal theme structure will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally your drupal theme structure will look like this:
```

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme/components/c01-hero
  +++ data.yml
  +++ c01-hero.twig.html
  +++ c01-hero.hbs 
```

> As far you can notice the twig.html was created by us based on component machine name, now is the right time to edit this file and include .hbs file into it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can notice, the `component-name.twig.html` was created by us based on the component machine name. Now is the right time to edit this file and include the `.hbs` file into it:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```twig
```

c01-hero.twig.html

{{ handlebars('c01-hero.hbs', data) }}

```

> As far you can see the inclusion is done through handlebars() method, where first argument is the hbs template from same directory and data is the render array from Step 2 ($variables['data'])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, the inclusion is done through the `handlebars()` method, where the first argument is the hbs template from same directory, and `data` is the render array from Step 2 (`$variables['data']`)
```

> and than c01-hero.hbs converts nested data array into variables and prints inside of html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then `c01-hero.hbs` converts nested data array into variables and prints them inside of the html.
```

The final step would be to drop drupal cache and see the result in browser after this.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

    $parsedArgs = $template->parseArguments($args);
    switch ($parsedArgs[1]) {
      case '===':
        if (!empty($context->get($parsedArgs[2]))) {
          $buffer = (string) $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) === (string) $context->get($parsedArgs[2]);
        }
        else {
          $buffer = (string) $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) === (string) $parsedArgs[2];
        }
        break;

      case '==':
        $buffer = $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) == (string) $parsedArgs[2];
        break;

      case '>=':
        $buffer = $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) >= (string) $parsedArgs[2];
        break;

      case '>':
        $buffer = $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) > (string) $parsedArgs[2];
        break;

      case '!==':
        $buffer = (string) $context->get($parsedArgs[0]) !== (string) $parsedArgs[2];
        break;

      case '||':
        $buffer = ($context->get($parsedArgs[0]) || $context->get($parsedArgs[2]) ? TRUE : FALSE);
        break;

      default:
        throw new \Exception("Unknown operation: $parsedArgs[1] for condition helper");
    }

    return $buffer;
  }

```
+ src/Handlebars/Helpers/IfInHelper.php

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

There are 3 initial steps while working with handlebars:

+ Step 1: Create entities in Drupal eg. Paragraphs, Menus, Nodes.
+ Step 2: Create preprocessor that matches data.yml structure of the component.
+ Step 3: Sync muban component to Drupal theme folder.
+ Step 4: Bridge the twig to handlebars, through handlebars include function.
+ Step 5: Update the assets (css/js).

#### Step 1 - Creating entities
On step 1 we assume that you use [Paragraphs Drupal Module](https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs) in order to buid your components.
Let's assume that you already created a paragraph (paragraph machine name: c01_hero) that contains:

+ Title [field_title] [textfield]
+ Body  [field_body] [textarea]
+ Image [field_image] [image]

#### Step 2 - Creating preprocessor
Now having the paragraph created, we can create a preprocessor - this is needed to aggregate data and pass it to the theming layer - in our case this is handlebars.
As a result our preprocessor should return an array or a nested array that will be converted in variables inside of the hbs template.
Let's take a look at the data.yml file of the component that our front-end prepared:

+ data.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

+ Returning image with image styles.

```php
$this->themeFieldProcessorManager->getFieldData($variables['elements']['field_image'], [
   'style' => [
      'mobile' => 'image_banner_small',
      'desktop' => 'image_banner',
    ],
  ]),
```

In order to retrieve an image in some predefined styles, a style key can be passed with machine names of image styles for conversion.

After you are done with the preprocessor, it is recommended to drop the drupal cache:

```sh
drush cr
```

You can create a demo page with the paragraph component on it and see the result in the browser.
The result would state an error of a missing twig file, which is described in the next step (Step 3).

#### Step 3 - Syncing Muban component to Drupal theme folder
Now is the right time to sync the component from muban frontend folder to drupal theme folder.
Let's assume that you have your custom theme ready under:

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme
```

Right there would be nice to create the following nested directories:

```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme/components/[component-name]
```

In our case it will be looking like this:
```
+ themes/custom/mycustomtheme_theme/components/c01-hero
```

> ** In Muban source/frontend/src/app/component/block you need to copy your c01-hero (data.yml, c01-hero.hbs) files into your newly Drupal created component folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** In Muban `source/frontend/src/app/component/block` you need to copy your `c01-hero` (`data.yml`, `c01-hero.hbs`) files into your newly Drupal created component folder.
```
